Posted to: https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/1tpz795/vengeance/

Vengeance


An important verse here:

Romans 12:18-20 Amplified Bible:

> **If possible, as far as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone. Beloved, never avenge yourselves, but leave the way open for God's wrath [and His judicial righteousness]; for it is written [in Scripture], "VENGEANCE IS MINE, I WILL REPAY," says the Lord. BUT IF YOUR ENEMY IS HUNGRY, FEED HIM; IF HE IS THIRSTY, GIVE HIM A DRINK; FOR BY DOING THIS YOU WILL HEAP BURNING COALS ON HIS HEAD.”**

A note on the last verse here: This may refer to an ancient Egyptian custom in which a penitent person carried a bowl of burning embers on his head to show his shame and guilt. By analogy, being kind to an enemy may lead him to shame and repentance.

From my own experience, I had a troubled ~2 year marriage with a toxic narcissistic woman end recently and I had left the home. Anyway, some weeks later, we were trying to make it work again, but she got into an argument with me and sent me the most extreme obscenities on WhatsApp. Saying stuff like she wanted me to burn in hell for all eternity, things like that. When I blocked her on WhatsApp she would continue swearing at me in email. I got sick of it, so I blocked her in email too and tried to just move on with my life. Then because I still loved her and I was missing her, about 12 days later I decided to unblock her. A few hours later I was still getting abusive emails from her. So I send an email back and ask her to meet, maybe we can talk things out.

We met and talked for a few hours at the beach. She got mad at me because I admitted I caught up with an old friend (female) at the shopping mall the previous night. Purely friendship (which I had known her for almost 2 decades), nothing romantic or anything. Just someone to talk things over with. Meanwhile my wife admitted she had met up with an ex-boyfriend of hers (who was now just her friend) for drinks the same previous night. So neither of us had had sex with them or anything, it was just catchups with old friends. But she was jealous and angry at me for meeting this woman. However at the same time she had also met a male friend the same night. So what was her problem? From my perspective it didn't really matter. But apparently she had other ideas.

So the next day, I'm at my computer and at about 5pm in the afternoon she sends me a one-time view picture on WhatsApp. I open it and it's her naked having sex with some other guy that she was friends with on Instagram. I was crushed.

Some days later she tells me she regretted having revenge sex, saying she loves me and wants to get back together with me. Huh..? As Christians we have to forgive, ok, so I forgive her, but that trust is broken, the covenant is broken, there's just no going back now. I don't want her back. I can't get that image out of my head. Our marriage is permanently ruined because of her wanting her own revenge. Not that it was great in the first place, it was pretty toxic and abusive from her side, but we still loved each other. Now there's no going back. It's just sad.

With marriages and relationships, GOD can bring restoration, if both parties are willing and if they both submit to GOD. But, if one goes off and gets their own revenge for something, then it can destroy everything. Moral of the story, never avenge yourselves. Leave it in GOD's hands.

