Posted to: https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/1q3iuhy/a_sign/

A sign


To the person who does not believe, what would it take for *you* to believe in JESUS, would anything at all help you believe?

I believe that we can pray and ask for a confirmation that JESUS is real. And myself and probably some of the other Christians here would be happy to pray for you (or join with you in prayer) to receive your own personal confirmation or encounter. But for you, what would that confirmation be, beyond reasonable doubt? Maybe you can write it in the comments, or write it down somewhere, so when you go back to it you know you have the proof you want.

I will give an example from my own life. After some years of study, I was about 24 and got a graduate job working for a large multinational in one of the cities of my country. One Friday morning I thought to pray to GOD for a confirmation or sign that He was real and I did so. Later that evening myself and some of the other graduates went out after work to get some pizza and some beers. At about 10pm we returned to the office and decided to go check out the 10th floor, where one of my colleagues worked. We ended up getting some spare beers from the fridge and sitting in the boardroom on the east side of the building, with a large window looking out over the city and harbour. I hadn't been up to this floor before or on that side at night, but it was spectacular with all the different coloured lights of the city and this being the tallest building you could see out over the others. Anyway, we had sat down to look out, and then there high up on the hill in the distance I saw it, a massive white cross all emblazoned in white light, very unmistakable. I had my confirmation.

Maybe asking for a confirmation shows a lack of trust, but it's not unbiblical, you have Gideon asking for the sign of the fleece in Judges 6:36-40. In Matthew 12:38-40, JESUS says:

> "An evil and adulterous generation [that is morally unfaithful to God] craves and demands a [miraculous] sign; but no sign will be given to it except the sign of the prophet Jonah; for just as Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of the sea monster, so will the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth."

So the sign I got (the empty cross) specifically emphasizing resurrection and new life was a good confirmation.

Now ask GOD for your confirmation.


