Posted to: https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/1qcjy31/go_see_the_holy_spirit_in_action/

Go see the HOLY SPIRIT in action


Dear atheists and agnostics,

The reason you are here is that you are searching for the truth, right? The reason I'm asking is because the truth _is_ out there if you seek it. Have you seen the HOLY SPIRIT of GOD in action? I have. People that were in wheelchairs walking in real time. People falling / passing out under the power of the SPIRIT. Demons manifesting in people and getting cast out - their voice changes to a really deep male sounding voice and speaking depraved things, or they start shaking and screaming until the minister casts it out in the name of JESUS.

One woman, last Friday was vomiting up something for 5 minutes in the deliverance service then eventually came back to her normal self. This is real. I have seen real deliverance happening in 2 different churches in New Zealand and 2 different denominations in Brazil (Universal and Deus é Amor). 

In Brazil, on two separate occasions during a deliverance service (once in each of those churches actually), I have been standing in the pew and a guy at the end of my pew was standing by himself, then all of a sudden it was like a ghost or invisible person pushed that guy violently out sideways into the aisle and he started shaking and manifesting there. In the last one, I remember they took him down the front, the demonic voice in him identified as "legion". It is hair raising stuff when it happens, makes all your hair stand on end.

Another time I was in the service with my son and a guy was on the floor with his hands behind his back, like he was invisibly bound from behind, and he started slithering along the floor side to side like a snake towards us for a good few meters until the ushers took him to the front to get prayed over.

Sometimes it pays to see for yourself, right? Not just believe what you read online. But if you want to visit a larger Universal church in Rio de Janeiro or São Paulo, on a Friday night at 7pm, that is generally when they do the main deliverance service. Or a service run by Pastor Rivair Silva in Brazil, _you will see stuff go down_. And you will believe for yourself. Sometimes it's like a power struggle between light and darkness, but the Light always wins. In the USA, I have not been to any services there personally, but I am seeing some similar kinds of things happening at Vlad Savchuk's church in their online videos, and miracles of the HOLY SPIRIT at David Diga Hernandez's services. I have seen similar things in New Zealand and Brazil so I know it's not made up. I am sure there are others that do miracles and deliverance. This is where GOD is moving. Search up somewhere in your own country and go. Don't be an ostrich and bury your head in the ground pretending that GOD isn't real. What will that benefit you? Of course, if you go to some dead church like the roman catholic churches you won't see anything, just someone droning on and fancy artwork. They don't have the HOLY SPIRIT there, just man made religious practices. 

*John 6:63 Amplified Bible:*

> It is the Spirit who gives life; the flesh conveys no benefit [it is of no account]. The words I have spoken to you are spirit and life [providing eternal life].

