Posted to: https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/1oghsuw/many_will_miss_the_rapture/

Many will miss the rapture


Many do not even believe in "the rapture" even amongst Christians, but I think these verses are pretty clear it _will_ happen:

1 Thessalonians 4:14-17 Amplified Bible:

> For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again [as in fact He did], even so God [in this same way—by raising them from the dead] will bring with Him those [believers] who have fallen asleep in Jesus.

> For we say this to you by the Lord’s [own] word, that we who are still alive and remain until the coming of the Lord, will in no way precede [into His presence] those [believers] who have fallen asleep [in death].

> For the Lord Himself will come down from heaven with a shout of command, with the voice of the archangel and with the [blast of the] trumpet of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first.

> Then we who are alive and remain [on the earth] will simultaneously be caught up (*raptured*) together with them [the resurrected ones] in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air, and so we will always be with the Lord!

Note the word "raptured" in the last paragraph as well in this translation.

What follows is total chaos as millions of true believers in Jesus (not luke-warm) disappear around the globe in an instant. Driverless vehicles crashing into others, pilotless planes falling out of the sky etc (if they don't have autopilot). Global confusion, chaos, violence, looting and murder in the streets. This kicks off the great tribulation period as described in the book Revelation in the Bible (the antichrist, the false prophet, mark of the beast, various judgments, then finally the second coming of Christ).

Ok, so maybe people have seen the Left Behind (fiction) movie (or the older movies) and read that book series of the same name. It may play out something like that. Or maybe someone like Elon Musk tries to force his AI based neuralink solution on everyone to control them. Let's see. But anyway, it won't be a fun time for the people left behind on the earth.

The point of this post is I wanted to share a very vivid dream I had earlier in the year. I was standing at the window of my 4th floor apartment looking outside. It was dark outside but I could see a huge white bright light high in the sky which was lighting up the rest of the city. I started seeing what looked like various people all over the place in the distance shooting up towards the bright light at different intervals. Then after a few more seconds I started flying up towards the light too, which I instinctively knew to be Jesus, but he was too bright and I could not see Him clearly. Then the dream ended and I woke up. But I think it was significant for me because I hardly ever dream, and if I do, I can't remember it when I wake up. This felt really real.

So you can believe me, or not. But, I believe it is a warning. There is precious little time until this 'rapture' event so I wanted to at least tell you. Nobody knows the day or the hour of course, only the Father in Heaven (Matthew 24:36). But those that are not saved or luke-warm in their faith will be left behind. For those unbelievers reading, bookmark this post. Put me to the test. It should be significant prophetic proof for you, and when millions disappear, you will remember my post and re-read it and know I was speaking the truth. If nothing happens, well, the rapture hasn't happened yet, of course, but keep it bookmarked.

Maybe you want to get saved before this event? Or after it because you realise it was all true. Get down on your knees. Pray the sinners prayer out loud (google for it). Ask Jesus and the Holy Spirit into your heart. Get baptised in water (full submersion). A local church could help with this. Then pray to be baptised by fire (with the Holy Spirit).

Is the Christian walk about going to church (temple) every week religiously and doing religious events with no heart engagement? No. It's about your _personal_ relationship with the Lord and not being a hypocrite in your real life. This is a warning for the luke-warm (Revelation 3:15-17) Christians out there. Pray more. Worship. Fill your mind with the Truth, the Word of GOD (i.e. try read your Bible frequently). Ask the Holy Spirit (who should reside in you for help). It helps to fellowship with other believers on occasion (maybe that's a local church for you, or small group). Follow some Christian content or daily devotional type things if that helps. You must get sin and worldly living out of your life (drinking, smoking, drugs, pornography, sex outside of marriage etc). Nobody is perfect. Nobody can be perfectly sinless. But we have the Holy Spirit to help us become righteous. It's a gradual transformation of purification. You can't (and won't) get there on your own, you need GOD's help. Nobody can claim to be a Christian and keep living that same worldly life, ignoring the conviction of the Holy Spirit. So wake up. Get down on your knees. Repent. And turn from your ways.

Is the Bible a complicated list of dos and do nots? Actually no. Jesus sums it all up for us:

Matthew 22:36-41 Amplified Bible:

> “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?” 37 And Jesus replied to him, “‘YOU SHALL LOVE THE LORD YOUR GOD WITH ALL YOUR HEART, AND WITH ALL YOUR SOUL, AND WITH ALL YOUR MIND.’ 38 This is the first and greatest commandment. 39 The second is like it, ‘YOU SHALL LOVE YOUR NEIGHBOR AS YOURSELF [that is, unselfishly seek the best or higher good for others].’ The whole Law and the [writings of the] Prophets depend on these two commandments.”

I think you can figure out the rest.

GOD bless you. Praying for you. Hope to see you up there.


