Posted to: https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/1oza6es/angels/

Angels


Who here has seen an angel? I have seen one with my own eyes.

It all started with a prayer. I was curious one day and prayed to GOD to let me see an angel... Some weeks passed, I can't quite remember how many exactly. At the time I was living in the South Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil with my family. In Brazil, water is often heated by pumping the water through this gas water heater appliance which ignites the gas by fire and heats the water that way. So when you turn on the hot water tap it starts flowing water and the appliance should light the fire and ignite the gas and hot water should eventually flow through to shower head after 30 seconds or so. Probably they are not that common outside of Brazil, in my country we use electric water heaters. But you can Google for 'gas continuous flow water heater in Brazil' if you want an example.

So anyway, one day, towards November of 2018, the shower only had cold water coming out. It seemed like the gas lighter wasn't firing properly. It would occasionally make a small boom sound after turning the tap on. I asked my wife to go play with the taps, trying to turn them off and on again. Meanwhile I would tweak the dials on the gas heater appliance to see if I could get it to ignite properly and yell out to her to turn it on.

This went on for about 5 minutes, trying different settings and her turning the water tap on and off to try get it going. Little to my knowledge, gas had been leaking out of the appliance and into the laundry/service area where I was. 

All of a sudden, there was a loud BOOM and the air ignited all around me. There was fire as high as the ceiling and down to my feet. It was all throughout the laundry area (probably 7m x 5m) and the kitchen. I could just see the orange/red colour of the fire and make out some of the things in the vicinity. I felt total peace and did not panic. I got a thought to turn around and I did so. Right behind me, in the flames was a dark figure. They were standing about 0.5m to 1m away from me. All I could see was a dark shadow against the backdrop of the orange and red flames encompassing everything all around, but it was clear as day, in the distinct outline of a person (head, shoulders, torso and legs) like they were standing still at attention. I couldn't make out any facial features, clothing or anything like that, it just looked like a dark shadow with the outline of a person. I would say they were somewhat taller than me (I am about 183cm or about 6ft). After about 7-10 seconds the fire stopped and everything returned to normal. I looked around the room and nothing was burnt. I was unharmed and none of my hair on my arms, legs or head were singed. The figure was no longer visible, but I knew what I had seen. Someone had been in the fire with me, protecting me.

Later in the week, after complaining to the property manager, a repair guy came and fixed the gas appliance so we got hot water again. He said it should have been ventilated properly to the outside and told the property manager to do it. But the property manager was concerned about money and didn't want to do it, so left it in a potentially dangerous state for the next tenant. That's Brazil for you. We moved out later in December that year.

So that is the story and it's all true, I remember it like it happened yesterday. It reminded me of the story of Nebuchadnezzar and the fiery furnace in [Daniel 3](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Daniel%203&version=AMP) a little. And GOD's promise in Isaiah 43:2 (AMPC):

> When you pass through the waters, I will be with you, and through the rivers, they will not overwhelm you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned or scorched, nor will the flame kindle upon you.

Please feel free to share any angel encounters or sightings you have had. As far as I am concerned, angels are real, thus GOD must be real and the Bible too. I have also seen a demon too with my own eyes, and seen plenty of people manifesting with demons, but I will leave that for a separate post.

Oh and one final warning, moral of the story, be careful what you pray for, it might come true, in a way you are *not* expecting. 

